Update TESTS.md (#3830)
exercism/python: docs/TESTS.md

```powershell
PS C:\Users\foobar> py -m pip install pytest pytest-cache pytest-subtests pytest-pylint
Successfully installed pytest-8.3.3 ...
```

#### Linux / MacOS

```bash
$ python3 -m pip install pytest pytest-cache pytest-subtests pytest-pylint
Successfully installed pytest-8.3.3 ...

```

To check if installation was successful:

```bash
$ python3 -m pytest --version
pytest 8.3.3
```

## Running the tests

To run the tests, go to the folder where the exercise is stored using `cd` in your terminal (_replace `<exercise-folder-location>` below with your path_).

```bash
$ cd <exercise-folder-location>
```

> **Note:** `<exercise-folder-location>` or most things inside angle brackets denote a placeholder value.
> A normal path should simply has its name without any brackets like: `myFolder` or `myFile.py`

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<br>

~~~~exercism/note
 `<exercise-folder-location>` or most things inside angle brackets denote a **_placeholder value_**.
A normal path or file name should be written _without_ any brackets.  

For example: `/Users/janedoe/exercism/python/exercises/concept/chaitanas-colossal-coaster` (on *nix systems), `C:\Users\janedoe\exercism\python\exercises\practice\hello-world\` (on Windows), `myFolder` or `my_file.py`.
~~~~  

<br>

```

Author: Nice. I thought about using the exercism note block as well, but I saw up above of the doc that there was a simple **Note** so I thought maybe I should do the simple one as well
